1. What is Emmet?
Emmet is a plug-in used by code editor which gives shortcuts(code snippets)

2. What is the difference between library and framework?
Framework 
* It is comprises of APIs, compilers, support programs and libraries etc.
* Difficult to replace Frameworks
* A framework development requires a lot of code that decreases performance and increase the load time.
* Including a framework into a existing project is difficult
* Example NodeJS, Spring, AngularJS

Library 
* It comprises of modules, classes, objects, functions etc.
* It can be easily replaced with another library.
* Building a library requires less code so there is better performance and fast load time.
* Libraries can be easily integrated to an existing projects to add some specific functionality.
* example ReactJS, JQueary ...

3. What is CDN?
A content delivery network (CDN) refers to a geographically distributed group of servers which work together to provide fast delivery of Internet content.
A CDN allows for the quick transfer of assets needed for loading Internet content including HTML pages, javascript files, stylesheets, images, and videos.

4. Why React is known as React?
Because it reacts. It is developed by Facebook devs to improve the user interface development and more effectively change what the user sees when they are
clicking mouse, typing, and submitting.

5. What is crossorigin in script tag?
The crossorigin sets the mode of the request to an HTTP CORS Request.

6. Differnce between React vs ReactDOM?
React 
React is a Javascript library, designed for building better user interfaces.
whenever we use classes, components, elements we use React

ReactDOM
ReactDOM is a complimentory library to React which glues React to the browser DOM. which is responsible for rendering the react components
whenever we use render(), findDOMNode() we use ReactDOM

7. Difference between react.development.js and react.production.js files via CDN ?
The development build is used - as the name suggests - for development reasons. You have Source Maps, debugging and often times hot reloading ability in
those builds.

The production build, on the other hand, runs in production mode which means this is the code running on your client's machine. The production build runs
uglify and builds your source files into one or multiple minimized files. It also extracts CSS and images and of course any other sources you're loading
with Webpack. There's also no hot reloading included. Source Maps might be included as separate files depending on your webpack devtool settings.

8. Difference between async and defer ?
async - When the async keyword is used in the script tag then the content of the link inluded in the script is loaded asynchronously while
parsing the html and then parsing is paused and the script code is executed and later the HTML parsing is resumed.

defer - When the async keyword is used in the script tag then the content of the link inluded in the script is loaded parallely and the code is
executed in parallel to the html parsing.









